React Toolbar content and feedback updates (#220)
patternfly/training-scenarios: react-components/toolbar-filter/step2.md

> The individual components placed inside of a toolbar are each wrapped in a `DataToolbarItem` component. `DataToolbarItems` can be passed an optional `variant` prop to format specific type of component it wraps such as a search filter, a pagination component, a bulk select, or an overflow menu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The individual components placed inside of a toolbar are each wrapped in a `DataToolbarItem` component. `DataToolbarItems` can be passed an optional `variant` prop to format specific a type of component it wraps such as a search filter, a pagination component, a bulk select, or an overflow menu. 
```

> The individual components placed inside of a toolbar are each wrapped in a `DataToolbarItem` component. `DataToolbarItems` can be passed an optional `variant` prop to format a specific type of component it wraps such as a search filter, a pagination component, a bulk select, or an overflow menu. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The individual components placed inside of a toolbar are each wrapped in a `DataToolbarItem` component. `DataToolbarItems` can be passed an optional `variant` prop to format a specific type of component that it. `DataToolbarItems` wrap components like the search filter, pagination component, bulk select, or overflow menu. 
```

Author: The grammar in this suggestion seems off.
I'll change it to: The individual components placed inside of a toolbar are each wrapped in a `DataToolbarItem` component. `DataToolbarItems` can be passed an optional `variant` prop to format a specific type of component it wraps. These specific components could be search filter, a pagination component, a bulk select, or an overflow menu.

> By wrapping components in the `DataToolbarItem` component and adding the proper variant, it ensures the components are spaced appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wrapping components in the `DataToolbarItem` component and adding the proper variant ensures the components are spaced appropriately.
```

Use the state of the `ToolbarDemoApp` to manage the three applied filters in the `DataToolbar`.

> 1) **Locate the following constructor in `ToolbarDemoApp**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1) **Locate the following constructor in `ToolbarDemoApp`**
```

<pre class="file">
constructor(props) {
  super(props);
}
</pre>

2) **Initialize the state in the constructor located in step 1**

> Add a `filters` object to the state. `filters` should have three properties (name, risk, and status) each with an empty array as its value. This filters object will manage the three filters in the `DataToolbar`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add a `filters` object to the state. `filters` should have three properties (name, risk, and status) each with an empty array as their value. This filters object will manage the three filters in the `DataToolbar`.
```

Author: The subject of this phrase is each [one] and "value" is singular, so the possessive pronoun should be singular. 

I can clarify and rewrite the sentence to read: "`filters` should have three properties (name, risk, and status), and each property should have an empty array as its value."

Once step 2 is completed, the constructor should look like the snippet below.

<pre class="file">
constructor(props) {
  super(props);
  this.state = {
    filters: {
      name: [],
      risk: [],
      status: []
    }
  };
}
</pre>

3) **Add two event handlers to the `ToolbarDemoApp` class**

Both of the event handlers can be inserted outside and below the constructor modified in the previous steps.

> The first will be an `onSearch` event handler which will fire when the user interacts with the name filter.

Reviewer 2: Make this a little more actionable:

```suggestion
The first event handler to add is `onSearch` which will fire when the user interacts with the name filter.
```

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
onSearch = (value) =&gt; {
  this.setState(prevState =&gt; {
    return {
      filters: {
        ...prevState.filters,
        name: [...prevState.filters.name, value]
      }
    };
  });
}
</pre>

> The second event handler will be an `onSelect` event handler which will fire when the user interacts with the risk and status filters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The second event handler to add is `onSelect` which will fire when the user interacts with the risk and status filters.
```

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
onSelect = (type, event, selection) =&gt; {
  const checked = event.target.checked;
  this.setState(prevState =&gt; {
    const prevSelections = prevState.filters[type.toLowerCase()];
    return {
      filters: {
        ...prevState.filters,
        [type.toLowerCase()]: checked
          ? [...prevSelections, selection]
          : prevSelections.filter(value => value !== selection)
      }
    };
  });
};
</pre>

> 4) **Add the following constants inside the top of the render function above the return statement**

Reviewer 2: This has a lot of instructions before introducing what the purpose of this step is. Change to something like:
`Declare constants in the render function.`

And then specify the location

In this case, unwrap the state managed `filters` to be used by the `DataToolbar`.

Also define the status and risk options that will appear in the two dropdown filters in the `DataToolbar`.

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
const { filters } = this.state;
const statusOptions = [&quot;New&quot;, &quot;Pending&quot;, &quot;Running&quot;, &quot;Cancelled&quot;];
const riskOptions = [&quot;Low&quot;, &quot;Medium&quot;, &quot;High&quot;];
</pre>

5) **Locate the following `DataToolbarContent` component:**

<pre class="file">
&lt;DataToolbar id=&quot;tutorial-toolbar&quot;&gt;
  &lt;DataToolbarContent&gt;
    Toolbar Demo
  &lt;/DataToolbarContent&gt;
&lt;/DataToolbar&gt;
</pre>

> 6) **Replace the `Toolbar Demo` text in the `DataToolbarContent` with the following six items:**

Reviewer 2: I think you should add a sentence here that explains briefly what six items are being added
